hey tired of sitting at home
yeah i know that's a dumb question but
it's my job
so how about going on a trip let's say
to the bahamas
you could live on an island and swim in
the ocean for a couple of weeks
you can even take your own accommodation
that's right
we're gonna tie your house to some
balloons
well probably not your actual house
because that take more than 12 million
balloons to lift one that's 1600 square
feet
but you could build say a little 190
square foot cabin
that only needs one and a half million
balloons to make it fly
you on board good now before we get
going though
we need to figure something out what
usually happens to a balloon when it's
released into the sky
well let's see as it gets higher the
temperature and pressure around the
balloon begin to fall
but the pressure inside stays the same
which makes the balloon constantly
expand kind of like me it travels
upwards for about an hour and a half
and reaches a height of about 28 000
feet or
5 miles that's only a little less than
the altitude that planes fly
at that's when it goes pop and the
little pieces fall all the way back to
the ground
well that doesn't sound very safe but we
don't need to go that high into the sky
well i feel better slightly also
about five percent of balloons don't
rise high enough to explode they float
around
closer to the ground and sooner or later
they come back down safely
that sounds way better and sometimes
these traveling balloons can bring good
news
in 2019 a little girl from australia
attached a holiday wish list to a
balloon and released it into the sky
the balloon managed to travel more than
1 550 miles
and ended up in russia a farmer found it
there
and looked at the letter but he couldn't
understand it the only thing he could
work out was that it was written by a
child
he managed to translate it and found out
it was a request for presents for the
holiday season
from a girl named sophia the man knew
straight away he had to make her wishes
come true
he raised money to buy the presents for
her and even managed to find out who the
girl was and where she lived
he contacted her parents and hired
someone to deliver the presents to her
on the special day one balloon can bring
a miracle
but dealing with one and a half million
of them is a big responsibility
the balloon fest 86 was a fundraising
event that took place in the city of
cleveland ohio
the goal was to set a new world record
by releasing a huge number of balloons
into the air
they wanted to release two million of
them and it took six
months to organize before the event lots
of volunteers had to spend
a long time filling all the balloons
with helium
then the day came september 27
1986 the weather that day didn't want to
cooperate
it was cold and cloudy and a storm was
approaching
the organizers didn't want everything to
be ruined so they decided to release the
balloons
earlier when only around 1.4 million of
them were ready
just as it started to rain in the early
afternoon the balloons were released
into the gray sky
setting a new world record the colorful
cloud
filled the square first they were blown
northwards by the wind
but as the rain became heavier the
balloons were pushed back down
the storm carried them back into the
city the whole area
including lake erie was covered in them
it caused a load of trouble for everyone
some of them landed on an airport runway
and it had to shut down for half an hour
which caused a lot of delays
some drifted onto the roads distracting
drivers and causing collisions
the ones that ended up in the lake
washed ashore not only in cleveland
but also on the other side in canada
so you gotta be very careful on your
balloon trip
to be on the safe side we'll pick a nice
sunny day with a totally clear sky
okay let's get ready first you'll need
to build yourself a little 190 square
foot house
with everything you'll need in it a
kitchen bedroom and bathroom
then you got to make a net that will
hold all your balloons in place as you
fill them with air
finally get your 1.5 million balloons
and a whole lot of helium
and get started on filling them up now i
should warn you
if you're working alone and it takes
around 20 seconds to fill each one
then you'll spend an entire year filling
them all up
and every week some of them will deflate
so
you'll finish around actually never
so it might be a good idea to get some
help with that call all your friends
family and neighbors
go out make some new friends have a high
school reunion whatever it takes
and ask them to come help you you spend
the whole
day and the next morning getting the
balloons ready
when it's done there's only one detail
left
steering you'll need something like a
wheel to control your cabin's direction
if the wind changes
find a long stick and place it between
two opposing windows
it should be long enough for the two
ends to jut outside
hang curtains to both ends and attach
some string at the bottom
using the strings you'll be able to
control the curtains
like sails finally you're ready to go
there's not a cloud in the sky the wind
is blowing southeast
and it'll take you right where you need
to go perfect
there's not going to be any internet in
the sky so take a compass a map and a
parachute just in case
now get yourself cozy in your new flying
home
soon your helpers cut the net and the
balloons take you up into the air
it worked every second the people on the
ground become smaller and smaller
and you get to see some beautiful
scenery all that hard work was totally
worth it
alright half an hour of gazing out the
window is enough
you only have an hour left until you
reach the height where your balloons
will all
burst if you don't do anything about it
you'll be heading back to the ground
very fast so grab something sharp and go
up to the roof
you have to pop some of the balloons so
that they stop taking you upwards
but still maintain your height don't pop
too many though
because they'll start deflating slowly
and you need them to carry you
all the way to the bahamas once you're
done
go back down and spread out the curtains
to get some additional speed
you can adjust them to make sure you're
flying in the right direction
now that you're finished with that you
can relax again
the wind is about 5 miles per hour so
you'll need around 31 hours to travel
154 miles from miami florida
you're now several hours into your
journey and you notice that the wind has
slightly changed direction
at this rate you'll end up in the
atlantic use your sails to make sure
you're going the right way
or there's an easier option you just
have to move
a little to the right inside your cabin
to lose some weight on one side
that way you'll tilt the house and
change the direction
you're basically your own steering wheel
knight sets in
you set your alarm clock to wake you up
every half an hour
you need to constantly control things if
you want to go in the right direction
30 hours later in the afternoon you can
finally see the island as you approach
it
at this point you're floating no more
than 1200 feet above the ground
it's a little lower than the height of
the empire state building
since you're almost there you climb up
to the roof to prepare for your landing
another hour passes you reach the shore
and spot a cozy place ahead
where you can bring down your flying
cabin you start popping the balloons
your cabin begins to rapidly descend now
you can even see the shocked faces of
the people gazing up at you
and you wave to one of them there are
still thousands of balloons above you
when you hear the sound of the house
softly landing
onto the sand you step out of the cabin
time for a frosty cold tropical beverage
wait what's that a large shadow passes
over you
and you turn to see your cabin with the
balloons floating high above
now liberated from the ballast of your
weight hold on
better make that two frosty beverages